README.md, before:

# Django + ButterCMS Starter Project

This Django starter project fully integrates with dynamic sample content from your ButterCMS account, including main menu, pages, blog posts, categories, and tags, and all with a beautiful, custom theme with already-implemented search functionality. All of the included sample content is automatically created in your account dashboard when you 
[sign up for a free trial](https://buttercms.com/join/) of ButterCMS.


[![Built with Cookiecutter Django](https://img.shields.io/badge/built%20with-Cookiecutter%20Django-ff69b4.svg?logo=cookiecutter)](https://github.com/pydanny/cookiecutter-django/)

## 1) Installation

First, create a virtual environment and install dependencies by running the 
below commands. *(Note: This project requires pip wheel. Depending on
your version of pip, wheel may not be included; therefore, the command to install wheel is given below.)*

```bash
$ git clone https://github.com/ButterCMS/django-starter-buttercms.git
$ python3 -m venv butterenv
$ source butterenv/bin/activate
$ pip install wheel
$ pip install -r requirements/local.txt
```

### 2) Set Database Environmental Variable

Because all of your data is fetched from Butter, there's no need for a database
at this time (although you can of course set one up later!). For now, set the
DATABASE_URL environmental variable to skip Django database creation and checks.

```bash
$ echo 'DATABASE_URL=sqlite:///database.sqlite' >> .env
```

### 3) Set ButterCMS API Token

To fetch your ButterCMS content, add your API token as an environment variable. 

```bash
$ echo 'BUTTERCMS_API_TOKEN=your_token' >> .env
```

### 4) Run Django Local Development Server

To view the app in the browser, you'll need to run the local development server:

```bash
$ python manage.py runserver
```

### 5) Deploy on Heroku

Your starter app can be deployed to Heroku in just a few steps:


1. Create a Heroku account at https://signup.heroku.com.
2. Push your starter app to Github.
3. Navigate to this README file in the browser, click the button below, 
and fill in an app name and your Butter API token. Then click "deploy".

[![Deploy](https://www.herokucdn.com/deploy/button.svg)](https://heroku.com/deploy)

Commit message:

Post JL review: readme, requirements, settings, heroku
- change requirements to use single requirements.txt file and drop
unnecessary packages
- remove readme instructions + hardcode configuration settings
for DATABASE URL
- Add runserver address + preview instructions to readme
- Change heroku button with hardcoded URL

README.md, after:

# Django + ButterCMS Starter Project

This Django starter project fully integrates with dynamic sample content from your ButterCMS account, including main menu, pages, blog posts, categories, and tags, and all with a beautiful, custom theme with already-implemented search functionality. All of the included sample content is automatically created in your account dashboard when you 
[sign up for a free trial](https://buttercms.com/join/) of ButterCMS.


[![Built with Cookiecutter Django](https://img.shields.io/badge/built%20with-Cookiecutter%20Django-ff69b4.svg?logo=cookiecutter)](https://github.com/pydanny/cookiecutter-django/)

[![Deploy](https://www.herokucdn.com/deploy/button.svg)](https://heroku.com/deploy?template=https://github.com/ButterCMS/django-starter-buttercms/&env[BUTTERCMS_API_TOKEN]=check%20https://buttercms.com/settings)

## 1) Installation

First, create a virtual environment and install dependencies by running the 
below commands.

```bash
$ git clone https://github.com/ButterCMS/django-starter-buttercms.git
$ cd django-starter-buttercms
$ python3 -m venv butterenv && source butterenv/bin/activate
$ pip install --upgrade pip && pip install -r requirements.txt
```

### 2) Set ButterCMS API Token

To fetch your ButterCMS content, add your API token as an environment variable. 

```bash
$ echo 'BUTTERCMS_API_TOKEN=your_token' >> .env
```

### 3) Run Django Local Development Server

To view the app in the browser, you'll need to run the local development server:

```bash
$ python manage.py runserver
```

Congratulations! Your starter project is now live at: [http://localhost:8000/](http://localhost:8000/)

### 4) Deploy on Heroku

Our starter app can be deployed to Heroku with the click of a button:

1. Create a Heroku account at https://signup.heroku.com.
2. Click the button below and fill in an app name and your Butter API token. Then click "deploy".

[![Deploy](https://www.herokucdn.com/deploy/button.svg)](https://heroku.com/deploy?template=https://github.com/ButterCMS/django-starter-buttercms/&env[BUTTERCMS_API_TOKEN]=check%20https://buttercms.com/settings)

### 5.) Previewing and Draft Changes

Your starter app allows you to preview draft changes made to content in your
ButterCMS.com account by default; to see draft changes, add '?preview=1' to the end of any 
URL (e.g., http://localhost:8000/?preview=1)
